net/runelite/client/plugins/socket/plugins/specialcounterextended/Boss.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.socket.plugins.specialcounterextended.Boss
net/runelite/client/plugins/socket/org/json/CDL.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.socket.org.json.CDL
net/runelite/client/plugins/socket/org/json/XMLTokener.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.socket.org.json.XMLTokener
net/runelite/client/plugins/socket/org/json/JSONString.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.socket.org.json.JSONString
net/runelite/client/plugins/socket/org/json/XML.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.socket.org.json.XML
net/runelite/client/plugins/socket/SocketConnection.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.socket.SocketConnection
net/runelite/client/plugins/socket/plugins/playerstatus/gametimer/GameTimer.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.socket.plugins.playerstatus.gametimer.GameTimer
net/runelite/client/plugins/socket/plugins/specialcounterextended/SpecialWeapon.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.socket.plugins.specialcounterextended.SpecialWeapon
net/runelite/client/plugins/socket/packet/SocketPlayerLeave.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.socket.packet.SocketPlayerLeave
net/runelite/client/plugins/socket/plugins/playerstatus/gametimer/GameIndicator.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.socket.plugins.playerstatus.gametimer.GameIndicator
net/runelite/client/plugins/socket/plugins/sotetseg/SotetsegPlugin.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.socket.plugins.sotetseg.SotetsegPlugin
net/runelite/client/plugins/socket/plugins/specialcounterextended/SpecialCounter.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.socket.plugins.specialcounterextended.SpecialCounter
net/runelite/client/plugins/socket/org/json/JSONException.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.socket.org.json.JSONException
net/runelite/client/plugins/socket/plugins/sotetseg/SotetsegConfig.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.socket.plugins.sotetseg.SotetsegConfig
net/runelite/client/plugins/socket/org/json/JSONArray.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.socket.org.json.JSONArray
net/runelite/client/plugins/socket/SocketState.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.socket.SocketState
net/runelite/client/plugins/socket/org/json/JSONML.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.socket.org.json.JSONML
net/runelite/client/plugins/socket/plugins/specialcounterextended/SpecialIcon.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.socket.plugins.specialcounterextended.SpecialIcon
net/runelite/client/plugins/socket/hash/SHA256.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.socket.hash.SHA256
net/runelite/client/plugins/socket/SocketPacket.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.socket.SocketPacket
net/runelite/client/plugins/socket/org/json/JSONWriter.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.socket.org.json.JSONWriter
net/runelite/client/plugins/socket/packet/SocketReceivePacket.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.socket.packet.SocketReceivePacket
net/runelite/client/plugins/socket/SocketPlugin.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.socket.SocketPlugin
net/runelite/client/plugins/socket/hash/AES256.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.socket.hash.AES256
net/runelite/client/plugins/socket/org/json/JSONTokener.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.socket.org.json.JSONTokener
net/runelite/client/plugins/socket/org/json/Property.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.socket.org.json.Property
net/runelite/client/plugins/socket/org/json/HTTP.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.socket.org.json.HTTP
net/runelite/client/plugins/socket/plugins/playerstatus/PlayerStatus.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.socket.plugins.playerstatus.PlayerStatus
net/runelite/client/plugins/socket/SocketLog.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.socket.SocketLog
net/runelite/client/plugins/socket/plugins/playerstatus/marker/AbstractMarker.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.socket.plugins.playerstatus.marker.AbstractMarker
net/runelite/client/plugins/socket/plugins/playerstatus/gametimer/GameTimerConstant.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.socket.plugins.playerstatus.gametimer.GameTimerConstant
net/runelite/client/plugins/socket/packet/SocketBroadcastPacket.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.socket.packet.SocketBroadcastPacket
net/runelite/client/plugins/socket/plugins/specialcounterextended/SpecialCounterOverlay.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.socket.plugins.specialcounterextended.SpecialCounterOverlay
net/runelite/client/plugins/socket/org/json/JSONObject.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.socket.org.json.JSONObject
 net.runelite.client.plugins.socket.org.json.JSONObject$Null
net/runelite/client/plugins/socket/plugins/playerstatus/PlayerStatusConfig.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.socket.plugins.playerstatus.PlayerStatusConfig
net/runelite/client/plugins/socket/SocketConfig.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.socket.SocketConfig
net/runelite/client/plugins/socket/org/json/JSONStringer.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.socket.org.json.JSONStringer
net/runelite/client/plugins/socket/plugins/playerstatus/marker/TimerMarker.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.socket.plugins.playerstatus.marker.TimerMarker
net/runelite/client/plugins/socket/org/json/CookieList.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.socket.org.json.CookieList
net/runelite/client/plugins/socket/plugins/playerstatus/marker/IndicatorMarker.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.socket.plugins.playerstatus.marker.IndicatorMarker
net/runelite/client/plugins/socket/plugins/specialcounterextended/SpecialCounterExtendedConfig.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.socket.plugins.specialcounterextended.SpecialCounterExtendedConfig
net/runelite/client/plugins/socket/plugins/sotetseg/SotetsegOverlay.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.socket.plugins.sotetseg.SotetsegOverlay
net/runelite/client/plugins/socket/plugins/specialcounterextended/SpecialCounterExtendedPlugin.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.socket.plugins.specialcounterextended.SpecialCounterExtendedPlugin
net/runelite/client/plugins/socket/org/json/HTTPTokener.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.socket.org.json.HTTPTokener
net/runelite/client/plugins/socket/plugins/playerstatus/PlayerStatusOverlay.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.socket.plugins.playerstatus.PlayerStatusOverlay
 net.runelite.client.plugins.socket.plugins.playerstatus.PlayerStatusOverlay$1
net/runelite/client/plugins/socket/packet/SocketPlayerJoin.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.socket.packet.SocketPlayerJoin
net/runelite/client/plugins/socket/plugins/playerstatus/gametimer/GameTimerImageType.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.socket.plugins.playerstatus.gametimer.GameTimerImageType
net/runelite/client/plugins/socket/plugins/playerstatus/PlayerStatusPlugin.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.socket.plugins.playerstatus.PlayerStatusPlugin
 net.runelite.client.plugins.socket.plugins.playerstatus.PlayerStatusPlugin$1
 net.runelite.client.plugins.socket.plugins.playerstatus.PlayerStatusPlugin$2
net/runelite/client/plugins/socket/org/json/Cookie.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.socket.org.json.Cookie
net/runelite/client/plugins/socket/plugins/playerstatus/PlayerSidebarOverlay.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.socket.plugins.playerstatus.PlayerSidebarOverlay
